Comcast Open Source Projects Ideas Page
Google Summer of Code 20178

Apache Traffic Control
Apache Traffic Control is an Open Source implementation of a Content Delivery Network. The vast majority of today’s Internet traffic
is media files being sent from a single source to many thousands or even millions of destinations. Content Delivery Networks make 
that one-to-many distribution possible in an economical way. Traffic Control is an Open Source implementation of a Content Delivery Network.

Bynar
Running large-scale operations at a sizeable organization can be an enormous task. The Strategic Platform Acceleration and Cloud 
Engineering (SPACE) Operations team here at Comcast has the critical responsibility of operating our private cloud in multiple 
regions, and providing 24/7 operational support to multiple engineering teams across Comcast. 

Ensuring our services are always available and working properly requires consistent, and constant monitoring. Primarily, there is 
the scale of the overall infrastructure and the priority it places on ensuring reliability, and consistency, but just maintaining 
that is not all it takes. Operations teams are also required to constantly innovate, automate, and provide elasticity and adequate 
capacity for the business to grow and move forward with our goals. Being on-call is also a critical responsibility that many operations 
and engineering teams must take on in order to keep the services reliable and available 24/7, 365 days a year. 

A common challenge for many operations teams occurs when new failures in the infrastructure are detected. Getting paged in the middle 
of the night for failed hardware, or looking through your monitoring system and seeing several failed drives that you must manually 
go through to get repaired, can become overwhelming. That’s why we are thrilled to announce a new open source project called Bynar, a 
tool for automating server remediation across multiple data centers. Bynar builds upon many years of experience, and automates the 
task of hardware maintenances and replacements. Various applications such as Cassandra, Ceph, Gluster, and Hadoop all require quick, 
and fast, replacements of hardware as they fail, or the cluster can become degraded. Bynar hopes to break this cycle and free up 
operators time so that the clusters can scale to even greater sizes without requiring more headcount to maintain them. Bynar is designed 
to automate the process for hardware failures gracefully, in turn saving you time and money. 

Comcast.github.io
Comcast.github.io is our public facing page that displays our open source projects, and displays metrics about some of our open source
projects. 

Blueprint
Blueprint is a compact framework for constructing mvp architecture within a scrollable, multi-view-type list UI. It uses the Android 
RecyclerView library, and currently only supports LinearLayouts. 

List of interested mentors from Comcast
Ganesh Chandrasekaran
Sean Cribbs
Mark Dappollone
Adina Halter
Christopher Holcombe
Shilla Saebi
Phil Sorber
